## 3D OpenFOAM FSI Overset Example Cases

### Cases
- 2D Ducky Drop 
- 2D Reference Model 6 (RM6) Floating (No Baffle/PTO)
- 2D Reference Model 6 (RM6) with Mooring (No Baffle/PTO)

### Setup
- **Single Processor**: Use the `Allrun.ser` script in each case to run on a single processing unit. 
- **Multiple Processors**: Use the `Allrun` script in each case to run on multiple processing units.
    - For parallel runs, the number and type of domain decompositions can be adjusted in `<system>/decomposeDict`. 
- **Grid Generation**: The grid files (`<constant>/polyMesh`) are not included in these cases.
    - Use `template_mesh_generation` with the provided `flowParams` and CAD file (place inside 
    `<constant>/polyMesh.orig_gen_grid_files`) to generate the grid for each case. 
    - Alternatively, grids can be generated using the examples provided in `examples_mesh_generation` for each case.
- **Wave conditions and time control**: All settings can be configured through the `flowParams` file located in the top folder of each case.

### Post-processing Scripts
- **extractLog.sh**: Extracts motion (hull's CG) and forces from the OpenFOAM `log.overInterDyMFoam` file
    - Usage: `./extractLog.sh OF_case_directory1/ OF_case_directory2/ etc.` 
    - Output: `Output.txt` will be placed inside the specified OF_case_directory.

- **extractTensions.sh**: Extracts restraint forces from the OpenFOAM `log.overInterDyMFoam` file
    - Usage: `./extractTensions.sh OF_case_directory1/ OF_case_directory2/ etc.`
    - Output: `Tensions.txt` will be placed inside the specified OF_case_directory.

- **plotForces.py**: Plots total forces on the WEC from the `Output.txt` file generated by `extractLog.sh`
    - Usage: `python plotForces.py OF_case_directory1/ OF_case_directory2/ etc.`

- **plotMotion.py**: Plots the 6DoF motion from the `Output.txt` file generated by `extractLog.sh`
    - Usage: `python plotMotion.py OF_case_directory1/ OF_case_directory2/ etc.`

- **plotTensions.py**: Plots the restratint tensions from `Tensions.txt` file generated by `extractTensions.sh`
    - Usage: `python plotTensions.py OF_case_directory1/ OF_case_directory2/ etc.`

### Prepackaged Data

- For each case, the following pre-run data are included:
    - `Output.txt`: Contains motion and forces on the WEC.
    - `Tensions.txt` (if applicable): Contains restraint forces for cases with mooring systems.
    - Video rendering of the simulation results.
